@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 0
@@!! FOLLOWS 0
@@!! PARENTS 
@@!! SELECTOR PMO 
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 1
@@!! FOLLOWS 0
@@!! PARENTS 0
@@!! SELECTOR e6420 
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 2
@@!! FOLLOWS 1
@@!! PARENTS 0
@@!! SELECTOR rollout manager 11/22/2011  
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  11/22/2011
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 3
@@!! FOLLOWS 2
@@!! PARENTS 0
@@!! SELECTOR ddt 11/17/2011  
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  11/17/2011
  <br />
  <br />
  VMware for
  <br />
  <br />
  Oct surge in traffice, pushed OUP a/c and freakshow a/c db's past limits
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  2012 a/c will move off RMI and content db's
  <br />
  <br />
  one stored proc was suboptimal. dba s and java Now at 50% and 70%.
  <br />
  <br />
  RMI gets a little data out of legacy
  <br />
  <br />
  data is moving h2o, and we'll redesign a/c, so we're moving the need to do what rmi does
  <br />
  <br />
  KM: We have 30 machines in our VMware cluster
  <br />
  <br />
  TR: Science, PNAS, ASM, JBC are all in RFP. We can't afford to lose them all.
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 4
@@!! FOLLOWS 3
@@!! PARENTS 0
@@!! SELECTOR PMO General 
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 5
@@!! FOLLOWS 4
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR PMO meeting wEd 
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  12/2/2011
  <br />
  <br />
  RL: Need to nab Phac soon. Very senior resource. 200-350/hr recently. His usual rate....
  <br />
  We pay $110/hr.
  <br />
  <br />
  Ed need an operational arm...&nbsp; Ed doesn't know software biz
  <br />
  <br />
  ED - we're not handling th ecustomization work right
  <br />
  <br />
  BH: we haven't hit a balance point. If youw ant the market leaders...
  <br />
  BH: ;we need org change, but we need mroe process even more.
  <br />
  <br />
  EB: We need to learn to do things concurrently.
  <br />
  a/c .... put everything on the table.
  <br />
  <br />
  EB: how do we organize it (PMO?) so we can deliver cash items?
  <br />
  <br />
  AB says we've met...
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  EB: does PMO take aproject off Roadmap, and see it to implementaiton.
  <br />
  <br />
  RL: At apple, product managers did project managers. Some did all the way to prototype, then someone else picks up execution.&nbsp; Dharm is rolling out 400 mobile sites, that's what he does, w/Dharm.
  <br />
  <br />
  Others have PjM in Product Management, and the handoff is sooner.
  <br />
  <br />
  EB:&nbsp; If itg's AB's 3 person group, we'll only have 3 people a year
  <br />
  <br />
  RL: where do we add? 'cuz we have to add?
  <br />
  <br />
  EB: we're selling ourselves like the devil,
  <br />
  <b>
   <font>
    <br />
    EB:
   </font>
  </b>
  <font>
   don't let anyone go until we have clarity on how we're dealing with product roadmap launches
   <br />
   <br />
   EB: Thought 'Bill ran the ship.
   <br />
   RL: MK needs more managemnet in her area.
  </font>
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 6
@@!! FOLLOWS 5
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR NEXT PMO MEETING  
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  ?? Get XPS to come, talk about general philosophy for migrations, AND charcter encoding/translation
  <br />
  <font>
   <br />
   0. NOT!: With the 2011 winter shutdown approaching, .....
   <br />
   <br />
   -1. TC to show us her big posterboard/post-it note method etc.
   <br />
   <br />
   -2. more standardization
   <br />
   <br />
   -3. ...and tools
   <br />
   a.&nbsp; demo onepoint
   <br />
   b. demo project.net
   <br />
   <br />
   c. Phac: new experience with basecamp
   <br />
   <br />
   * * * TEMPLATE ONLY * * * DO NOT KEYPUNCH HERE * * * *
   <font>
    <br />
    <br />
    <font>
     ===NEXT TIME=======================
     <br />
     <br />
     <br />
     REITERATE : LOOKING FOR CHANGES SINCE LAST TIME, NOT REHASH
     <br />
     <br />
     <br />
     <b>
      <font>
       1. **&gt; ANGIE: MIGRATION REVIEW
      </font>
     </b>
     <font>
      : 60 sec each.
      <b>
       <font>
        START TIMER
       </font>
      </b>
      <font>
       <br />
       <font>
        [REMINDER: DIFFERENCES
        <b>
         <font>
          ONLY FROM LAST TIM
         </font>
        </b>
        <font>
         E]
         <font>
          <br />
          \
          <br />
          <br />
          <b>
           <font>
            2. STATUS NON-MIGRATION PROJECTS
           </font>
          </b>
          <font>
           <br />
           <br />
           3. TC on process mapping, Salesforce, Jira
           <br />
           <br />
           <br />
           3. REVISIT: STANDARDIZATION IN THE PMO re: project execution and management - an open discussion
           <br />
           ideas, model, where we need it, where we don't
           <br />
           - brainstorming, write on board, etc
           <br />
           - not areas that surround or support project execution (intake, staff-level status)
           <br />
           - proj inception, team management, WBS/task lists, risk assessment; status reporting
           <br />
           <br />
           <font>
            <br />
            <font>
             ====================================================
             <font>
              <br />
              <br />
              <font>
               4a. Project Status reporting
               <font>
                <br />
                <br />
                5. Gregory: how to people keep tabs on action items.
                <br />
                <br />
                <b>
                 <font>
                  *. better meeting management (ex., timing, agenda)
                  <br />
                 </font>
                </b>
                <font>
                 <br />
                 <br />
                 <b>
                  <font>
                   - PMO Training&nbsp; (i.e., professional development)
                   <br />
                  </font>
                 </b>
                 <font>
                  <br />
                  *. 26th Pam Williams PbM
                  <br />
                  * PMO calendar - for away time
                  <br />
                  <b>
                   <font>
                    + File Manager training how-to (on the schedule now)
                    <br />
                   </font>
                  </b>
                  <font>
                   <br />
                   <font>
                    * paul is happy to come talk to us
                    <br />
                    <br />
                    ++ Tien can demo greenhopper, as &quot;intro to agile&quot;
                    <br />
                    ++ other agile training
                    <br />
                    <br />
                    <b>
                     <font>
                      = TRAINING ON JIRA AND SF
                      <br />
                     </font>
                    </b>
                    <font>
                     * Jira/SF/ .... Onepoint
                    </font>
                   </font>
                  </font>
                 </font>
                </font>
               </font>
              </font>
             </font>
            </font>
           </font>
          </font>
         </font>
        </font>
       </font>
      </font>
     </font>
    </font>
   </font>
  </font>
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 7
@@!! FOLLOWS 6
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR BW chat RE: cme, B>P, subject collections 
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  12/1/2011
  <br />
  <br />
  CME
  <br />
  * Product strategy for CME. Still has gaps. Need to finish pulling together
  <br />
  * CME moves into Anh's domain. Decision making, etc, falls to Anh. Some % of Lorena's.
  <br />
  * Needs Tom approval.
  <br />
  * Multimonth, multi-quarter plan.
  <br />
  <br />
  * What does LH do relative to PjM? Yet to be decided. CME content
  <br />
  processing has her bogged down.&nbsp; Not sure why Anh put BH name
  <br />
  here. Placeholder?&nbsp; Should probably be Lorena.
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  ============================================
  <br />
  Bench&gt;Press
  <br />
  * no decision yet. AHA will tell us today if they stay or not. Expect
  <br />
  &nbsp; to leave. They are single largest remaining customer.&nbsp; Leaves us
  <br />
  &nbsp; without critical mass. $650k over x months to get it onto new
  <br />
  &nbsp; platform, etc etc. to make it viable. w/o AHA, all our of modeling
  <br />
  &nbsp; says we can't pay back the investment.
  <br />
  <br />
  * FaiChi (fah-EE-chi) Contract group in India, with Java
  <br />
  &nbsp; experience. The do all the Drupal work for mobile web. Mark C has
  <br />
  &nbsp; used them over years successfully.&nbsp; They've presented a good plan.
  <br />
  <br />
  * otherwise we might not &quot;keep the system&quot;.&nbsp; The financials might mean
  <br />
  &nbsp; we end the product.&nbsp; Tom's concern is once we sunset it, 20 of the
  <br />
  &nbsp; 30 are gamechanges, they won't be happy right now, and they are at risk.
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  &nbsp; ===
  <br />
  &nbsp; Subject coll
  <br />
  &nbsp; H10 liability - someone decided to model subj coll on individual
  <br />
  &nbsp; versions.&nbsp; But subject collections don't change.
  <br />
  *
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 8
@@!! FOLLOWS 7
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR pmo meeting w RL et al. 11/30/2011  
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  11/30/2011
  <br />
  <br />
  RL:
  <br />
  MJ keeps asking for project managers
  <br />
  <br />
  MJ: within 6 months they're pulling most books. May not be launching any more.
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  Lydia B? MK thinks she might have any cycles
  <br />
  MJ: No. Huge a/c Sage.
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  MJ : mahesh was good on informs
  <br />
  MK: Not. I worked closely on informs. Not that strong.
  <br />
  <br />
  MK: Phac: total ownership. He make mountains out of molehills.&nbsp;&nbsp; He tries to extend scope.
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  MK: Paul B can manage umbrella migrations
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  MK: Roadmap needs! I'll send those that apply to applications
  <br />
  <br />
  RL: MB extended through middle January (I didn't tell him).
  <br />
  When do we get feedback from Anh?
  <br />
  Anh...
  <br />
  <br />
  HE's not at 100%.
  <br />
  <br />
  Do we want to keep him, or not?
  <br />
  <br />
  MK: It's all hairy stuff
  <br />
  BH: and it's only a month.
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  Linda A could take on the one launch?
  <br />
  MJ:&nbsp; et in Jan back to PbM group.&nbsp; On loan.&nbsp;&nbsp; But her skill set doesn't work. I can take her back, let her do ACLS, and bring her in as PbS.
  <br />
  <br />
  MK: Could ET help with GSW portal project? It's already been broken down?
  <br />
  <br />
  MJ: ET has already been here 4 years,
  <br />
  <font>
   <br />
   RL: BH and Ed need to talk with PjM, re: keeping Phac, and doubling up with or augmenting Mahesh going forward.
   <font>
    <br />
    <br />
    MJ: could we put Lydia B and Mahesh together? LB works closely with Dom and Judith...
    <br />
    <br />
    MK: Could Mahesh be used to lessen the burden on Angie, or Tien, or ....&nbsp; .&nbsp;&nbsp; Go the same w/Ellen.&nbsp; &quot;Project management assistant.&quot;
    <br />
    <br />
    TC: easier to budget &quot;project assistant&quot;....
    <br />
    <br />
    RL: transitional strategy for Mahesh (or Ellen)...
    <br />
    MK: PjM is huge job.&nbsp; I couldn't have done INFORMS without Mahesh there to help.
   </font>
  </font>
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 9
@@!! FOLLOWS 8
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR staffing next 
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  <br />
  =====================
  <br />
  <font>
   GSW Portal: Tien
   <br />
   Meeting abstract sites: BH (ET?)
   <br />
   <br />
   AdV: (ASH Ed &amp; AAP Red &amp; ASH SAP) book
   <font>
    <br />
    <font>
     JBJS-BR2: Phac
     <br />
     eCarlyle: BH
     <br />
     AACR VJs: Gregory
     <br />
     ACLS migration: Ellen
     <br />
     <font>
      <br />
      ==========================================================
      <br />
      AACR
      <br />
      AdV would like to approach ETB about it in the short term unless would you prefer that I ask Gregory to
      <br />
      move it ahead in parallel with his existing projects. (I don't want to overtax him;
      <font>
       Margo was just very clear today that we need to get this straightened out ASAP,
       <font>
        before project kickoff if at all possible, since
        <br />
        any kind of custom design work will impact the project schedule.)
        <br />
        <br />
        ======================================================================
        <br />
        <br />
        <b>
         <font>
          MB NEXT
         </font>
        </b>
        <font>
         <br />
         <br />
         1. help LindaT manage the SEPM launch (gcssepmproc)
         <br />
         <br />
         ��� 4b. SEPM (x1) launch target is 30 Nov
         <br />
         ������� - AdeV to check in with LindaT today
         <br />
         1a. SEPM launch (currently targeted for 30 Nov) is likely to be pushed out into December, at least.&nbsp; Loading bug being resolved by JD, 4-5 volumes of content not yet delivered by DCL. Linda reports that customer is &quot;grumpy&quot;. I'll check in with her again next week.
         <br />
         <br />
         &nbsp;&nbsp; 1a. SEPM new site launch (gcssepmproc) may not be moving forward on schedule.
         <br />
         <br />
         &nbsp;&nbsp; Paul: Mimi is driving on the content side, but there&nbsp;&nbsp; is no manager on the project as a whole.
         <br />
         <br />
         &nbsp;&nbsp; Bill: This seems like a project to be managed by the
         <br />
         &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; PbM; not a lot of complexity. Is Linda swamped?
         <br />
         <br />
         &nbsp;&nbsp; Margo: Michael Graham may be helping.
         <br />
         <br />
         &nbsp;&nbsp; Bill: No need to copy Michael, just go directly to&nbsp;&nbsp; Linda.
         <br />
         <br />
         2. work with Jean to get ACLS buy-in re: tentative migration schedule in advance of kickoff with Ellen (or whomever)
         <br />
         <br />
         3. QA with CHOICE site
         <br />
         <br />
         4. assist with QA of the ASHASIG sites
         <br />
         <br />
         5. help Ellen with the ATS migration, if she is&nbsp; interested (GSW seems to be taking a lot of&nbsp; time and energy right now)
         <br />
         <i>
          <font>
           <br />
           6. brain dump somewhere (Wallenda or Google Sites)&nbsp; about what he has learned so far about HighWire,&nbsp; migrations, our PMO, etc.
          </font>
         </i>
         <font>
          <br />
          <br />
          <i>
           <font>
            - in danger of reactivating:
            <font>
             <br />
             ASHA journal sites (4 + umbrella),
             <br />
             CTSNet sites (4 + umbrella), [NO DECISION UNTIL FEBRUARY]
             <br />
             <b>
              <font>
               JWatch
              </font>
             </b>
             <font>
              &quot;reimplementation&quot; (vs migration),
              <br />
              jandrol (probably leaving in late 2012)
             </font>
            </font>
           </font>
          </i>
          <font>
           <br />
           <br />
           AdV: Otherwise, looked ok. Tien on GSW portal.&nbsp; eCarlylye for BH, fine. MeetAbs, too.
           <br />
           Greg OK for VJ
           <br />
           ACLS - ET?
           <br />
           ====
           <br />
           <font>
            <br />
            aorn (site code: psrp) book site launching 2/23/2012
            <br />
            service science, (site code: sersci) journal site part of INFORMS, lauching 3/23/2012
            <br />
            <br />
            <br />
            The third is gcssepm book series site launching tbd - running late hoping before end of the year.
            <br />
            <br />
            LT
            <font>
             <br />
             <br />
             ====================
             <br />
             <br />
             14:55 &lt;bing13&gt; Linda T doesn't think a PjM would help on GCSSEPMPROC at this time. Content is the big slog, and mimi is on it.
             <br />
             14:55 &lt;bing13&gt; She would love someone to do the the AORN launch, she says they'll be a big pain (no thanks!). There is also an INFORMS launch in March she would like help with.
             <br />
             14:58 &lt;bing13&gt; Also, she said GSW (they journals) is going to require considerably more than the statutory 2wk follow up, owing to the fact they're taking post-launch feedback from all their societies.
            </font>
           </font>
          </font>
         </font>
        </font>
       </font>
      </font>
     </font>
    </font>
   </font>
  </font>
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 10
@@!! FOLLOWS 9
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR PMO meeting 11/28/2011  
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  xx11/28/2011
  <br />
  DS: app progress again, w/ vendor
  <br />
  PLT: ASHAsig in good shape, good QA done.
  <br />
  JBJS didn't find much bug...
  <br />
  <br />
  ELLEN: nothing changed w/GSW,&nbsp; Wed. fiasco w/A/c
  <br />
  ATS stilsl on scedle loading content
  <br />
  NLM XML we have 4 more left. 1 GSW (tomrrow) aacr ed book; 2 of TPS as a favor, theyr'e alreading in ....&nbsp;&nbsp; Some are not on monthly schedule, b/c no everything is on monthly publication schedule...
  <br />
  <br />
  AdV:&nbsp; AAP NeoReviews launches next week. OUP books.
  <br />
  <br />
  <font>
   <br />
   -1. HEED XPS request on state of punchlists post migration NOW. HEED!
   <br />
   * XPS, MK help with assigning the punchlisdt
   <br />
   * Fear there are googledoc spreadsheets that are not retired, or QB tasks that haven't been assigned to the right people.
   <br />
   <font>
    - be sure to remove access for the publisher
    <br />
    + PbM/PbS should be task owner
    <br />
    <b>
     <font>
      <br />
      ACTION: RELAY TO TIEN...
     </font>
    </b>
    <font>
     <br />
     <br />
     <b>
      <font>
       ACTION: put up the PMO standards requirements...
       <br />
      </font>
     </b>
     <font>
      DS: tell us 3 or 4 top requirements, in order of priroity
      <br />
      DS: we can implement incrementally. Ex., start out with schedules that only have a few major milestones.
      <br />
      <br />
      PLT: Viswa is now working on what our standard project breakdown is
      <br />
      business requirements
      <br />
      functional requirements
      <br />
      .... for RFP, etc.
      <br />
      <b>
       <font>
        <br />
        BUILD BRIDGES TO VISWA, ETC
       </font>
      </b>
      <font>
       <br />
       <br />
       <br />
       0. NOT!: With the 2011 winter shutdown approaching, .....
       <font>
        <br />
        <br />
        =======================================
        <br />
        <br />
        * * * TEMPLATE ONLY * * * DO NOT KEYPUNCH HERE * * * *
        <font>
         <br />
         <font>
          <br />
          -1. TC to show us her big posterboard/post-it note method etc.
          <br />
          -2. more standardization and tools
          <br />
          <font>
           <br />
           <font>
            ===NEXT TIME=======================
            <br />
            <br />
            <br />
            REITERATE : LOOKING FOR CHANGES SINCE LAST TIME, NOT REHASH
            <br />
            <br />
            <br />
            <b>
             <font>
              1. **&gt; ANGIE: MIGRATION REVIEW
             </font>
            </b>
            <font>
             : 60 sec each.
             <b>
              <font>
               START TIMER
              </font>
             </b>
             <font>
              <br />
              <font>
               [REMINDER: DIFFERENCES
               <b>
                <font>
                 ONLY FROM LAST TIM
                </font>
               </b>
               <font>
                E]
                <font>
                 <br />
                 \
                 <br />
                 <br />
                 <b>
                  <font>
                   2. STATUS NON-MIGRATION PROJECTS
                  </font>
                 </b>
                 <font>
                  <br />
                  <br />
                  3. TC on process mapping, Salesforce, Jira
                  <br />
                  <br />
                  <br />
                  3. REVISIT: STANDARDIZATION IN THE PMO re: project execution and management - an open discussion
                  <br />
                  ideas, model, where we need it, where we don't
                  <br />
                  - brainstorming, write on board, etc
                  <br />
                  - not areas that surround or support project execution (intake, staff-level status)
                  <br />
                  - proj inception, team management, WBS/task lists, risk assessment; status reporting
                  <br />
                  <br />
                  <font>
                   <br />
                   <font>
                    ====================================================
                    <font>
                     <br />
                     <br />
                     <font>
                      4a. Project Status reporting
                      <font>
                       <br />
                       <br />
                       5. Gregory: how to people keep tabs on action items.
                       <br />
                       <br />
                       <b>
                        <font>
                         *. better meeting management (ex., timing, agenda)
                         <br />
                        </font>
                       </b>
                       <font>
                        <br />
                        <br />
                        <b>
                         <font>
                          - PMO Training&nbsp; (i.e., professional development)
                          <br />
                         </font>
                        </b>
                        <font>
                         <br />
                         *. 26th Pam Williams PbM
                         <br />
                         * PMO calendar - for away time
                         <br />
                         <b>
                          <font>
                           + File Manager training how-to (on the schedule now)
                           <br />
                          </font>
                         </b>
                         <font>
                          <br />
                          <font>
                           * paul is happy to come talk to us
                           <br />
                           <br />
                           ++ Tien can demo greenhopper, as &quot;intro to agile&quot;
                           <br />
                           ++ other agile training
                           <br />
                           <br />
                           <b>
                            <font>
                             = TRAINING ON JIRA AND SF
                             <br />
                            </font>
                           </b>
                           <font>
                            * Jira/SF/ .... Onepoint
                           </font>
                          </font>
                         </font>
                        </font>
                       </font>
                      </font>
                     </font>
                    </font>
                   </font>
                  </font>
                 </font>
                </font>
               </font>
              </font>
             </font>
            </font>
           </font>
          </font>
         </font>
        </font>
       </font>
      </font>
     </font>
    </font>
   </font>
  </font>
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 11
@@!! FOLLOWS 10
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR Mahesh info 
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  * talking about www.hematologylibrary.org site, which was migrated, MB seems uncertain if we hosted it or if they do, or at least how the customer edited their pages, which he indicated was not via the file manager.
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 12
@@!! FOLLOWS 11
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR Margo, AB, LT staffing chats 11/22/2011  
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  v11/22/2011
  <br />
  <b>
   <font>
    AB
   </font>
  </b>
  <font>
   <br />
   Re: trying to use Mahesh on Recommendation development, maybe rollout
   <br />
   :OK let's do it.
   <br />
   <br />
   11/22/2011
   <br />
   <b>
    <font>
     LT
    </font>
   </b>
   <font>
    <br />
    aspect; coordination of feature work;&nbsp; definition (ex., a/c element vs non-a/c element)
    <br />
    <br />
    <br />
    design CSS, tweak to port
    <br />
    specifications
    <br />
    herding
    <br />
    COnccenred we're not doing openURLs coming from Georef records (not finished in H10; will need to be in H20)
    <br />
    data warehouse (COUNTER reports for Georef, which is a db)
    <br />
    End of year reporting (custom report, etc) should be ok (march due date). Needs
    <br />
    <br />
    All of this needs to get into QB
    <br />
    Shanti is TPjM
    <br />
    Eileen Wu came about site design, and I blew her off.
    <br />
    <br />
    Not org in my own mind.
    <br />
    <br />
    ============================
    <br />
    11/22/2011
    <br />
    <br />
    <b>
     <font>
      MK:
     </font>
    </b>
    <font>
     <br />
     AACR umbrella - don't have to move quickly&nbsp;&nbsp; Problem with mobile voucher, was set up to use only H2O umbrella. (Same with OUP). JPH was able to crack that nut to work on on H10.
     <br />
     <br />
     <font>
      MK: Ellen T, ET, re: umbrella dates, see the date report
      <font>
       <br />
       <font>
        <br />
        * GSW portal is a real live project, w/resources, Shanti and Eileen. It has a high level schedule, and a firm date of March.&nbsp; Could have a formal kickoff, some follow-ups needed. Project needs work from
        <b>
         <font>
          MAF
         </font>
        </b>
        <font>
         . We have to define when we need that. Viswa is controlling the commitments to MAF.&nbsp;&nbsp; MB could champion that....
         <font>
          <br />
          <br />
          LT begging for PjM for that. there were some specs that needed to be.....&nbsp; MIchael Graham might or might not be helping.
          <br />
          <font>
           <br />
           ET: Ellen T re: meeting abstracts, yeah, but
           <font>
            who knows when we start
            <font>
             ?
             <font>
              HWX part has to be in place.
              <font>
               &nbsp; MK thinks XPS had ET do inventory a long while ago.&nbsp; Meeting abs sites (like aha), or whether we take the content and put them into existing sites.... then we pitch to publishers...&nbsp; ET can't help shape that. The piece have to get defined before she can own it. That's true for a lot of project managers.&nbsp; Getting the strategy defined, and signed off on. On a customer by customer basis. All the proxy work has to go.
               <font>
                <br />
                <font>
                 <br />
                 ET: Umbrellas OK....&nbsp; Otherwise no tech, no analytical skills
                 <font>
                  <br />
                  <br />
                  <font>
                   MK: re: MB: agrees w/social discomfort, ownership, he always comes to MK with a PbM at his side.&nbsp; [Not at ease with ownship/kicker role]
                   <font>
                    <br />
                    <font>
                     <br />
                     MK: roadmap things Anh and I have been struggling with...&nbsp; Viswa seems to be championing some roadmap items.
                     <br />
                     * recommendation services, completely on UI. Sara, JD, etc.&nbsp; AB, MK both failed. AB is trying to manage.&nbsp;&nbsp; Massive column 2 changes.&nbsp; Managed at detail level by AB, (sara, Rama, MK). Coordination w/PbMs, beta's out to publishers.&nbsp; Dec 6 out the door, then it's managing rollouts to all standard sites (whatever that is).&nbsp; jd role? qa role?
                     <br />
                     ** Have him attend wednesday enxt week, to see if can help in short term. (Test, validate; )
                     <br />
                     <font>
                      <br />
                      <br />
                      She's rolled in UI changes for Q1 into e-commerce (which Viswa is managing)
                      <br />
                      MK handles roll outs.
                      <br />
                      <br />
                      =================================
                      <br />
                      <br />
                      GOTTA move STAFF to DRUPAL
                      <br />
                      <br />
                      MK: needs to understand we need more staff not less.
                      <br />
                      3 contractors leaving end of year
                     </font>
                    </font>
                   </font>
                  </font>
                 </font>
                </font>
               </font>
              </font>
             </font>
            </font>
           </font>
          </font>
         </font>
        </font>
       </font>
      </font>
     </font>
    </font>
   </font>
  </font>
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 13
@@!! FOLLOWS 12
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR PMO meeting 11/21/2011  
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  11/21/2011
  <br />
  <br />
  ?? Get XPS to come, talk about general philosophy for migrations, AND charcter encoding/translation
  <br />
  <font>
   <br />
   * * * TEMPLATE ONLY * * * DO NOT KEYPUNCH HERE * * * *
   <font>
    <br />
    <br />
    <font>
     ===NEXT TIME=======================
     <br />
     <br />
     REITERATE : LOOKING FOR CHANGES SINCE LAST TIME, NOT REHASH
     <br />
     <br />
     <br />
     <b>
      <font>
       1. **&gt; ANGIE: MIGRATION REVIEW
      </font>
     </b>
     <font>
      : 60 sec each.
      <b>
       <font>
        START TIMER
       </font>
      </b>
      <font>
       <br />
       <font>
        [REMINDER: DIFFERENCES
        <b>
         <font>
          ONLY FROM LAST TIM
         </font>
        </b>
        <font>
         E]
         <font>
          <br />
          <br />
          <font>
           vINCLUDING: AdV: debrief on
           <b>
            <font>
             ASM
            </font>
           </b>
           <font>
            problems, etc.
            <br />
            <font>
             <br />
             GC: all ok
             <br />
             MB: ASH hema lib
             <br />
             DS: mobile picking up; aacr missing multiple deadlines; access innovations.... web service. SHort titles are in our ...
             <br />
             <br />
             TC: Conferences launch moved to Jan 16, their file supplier can make it.
             <br />
             AAAS - got relationship manager fixed, content loading starts today.&nbsp; Dharm - mobile beta site set-up. Out Wed-Mon.
             <br />
             <br />
             LB: BMJ projects cram... a/c...&nbsp; block of docs, mobile, Launch in Jan... OUP still getting acquainted...
             <br />
             <br />
             Phac: ASHSIG - home stretch, pre-launch QA , TOmorrow Xia looks at, Close next week.
             <br />
             Content briefing...&nbsp; with 1 item.
             <br />
             <br />
             ET: GSW. Soft launch,&nbsp; deadline of 23rd for show stoppers.
             <br />
             December 15&nbsp; end for formal migration....
             <br />
             <br />
             ATS - on target 14th december. content signoff.
             <br />
             XML - still some, vast majority of
             <br />
             <br />
             LA: oup, sage launches....
             <br />
             <font>
              <br />
              =
              <font>
               <br />
               <b>
                <font>
                 3. TOOLS
                </font>
               </b>
               <font>
                <br />
                - presentation SV Forum
                <br />
                RL : lack of itengration with tools is the problem. Hard as pulling teeeth to get people to participate in the panel.
                <br />
                GC: immature area
                <br />
                DS: Oracle, Siebel. ORP. ... Finance, payroll, time, PjM,&nbsp; Very expensive, resource heavy.
                <br />
                <br />
                DS: We are overbooked on all our key resources.
                <font>
                 <br />
                 <font>
                  DS: be aware, if you take a 3rd part tool in addition to Salesforce and Jira, you'll complexify your reporting
                  <br />
                  <br />
                  RL: The senior folks in th eroom were waaay too excited, to hear all this. It was new. A good niche for a company to deal with the comlexity of this software and get paid.
                  <br />
                  <br />
                  RL:&nbsp; salesforce&nbsp; / jira has to be modeled for engineering, and Professional Services
                  <br />
                  TC: showing Jira to all the team leads, RL and MC.&nbsp; Previous discussions have been unproductive.
                  <br />
                  <br />
                  RL: prioritization, our queuing theory is not correct
                  <br />
                  <br />
                  <br />
                  <font>
                   3.
                   <b>
                    <font>
                     Salesforce, Jira
                    </font>
                   </b>
                   <font>
                    <br />
                    <font>
                     <br />
                     <br />
                     <br />
                     <font>
                      <br />
                      3. REVISIT: STANDARDIZATION IN THE PMO re: project execution and management - an open discussion
                      <br />
                      ideas, model, where we need it, where we don't
                      <br />
                      - brainstorming, write on board, etc
                      <br />
                      - not areas that surround or support project execution (intake, staff-level status)
                      <br />
                      - proj inception, team management, WBS/task lists, risk assessment; status reporting
                      <br />
                      <br />
                      <br />
                      <font>
                       <br />
                       <br />
                       <br />
                       <font>
                        ====================================================
                        <font>
                         <br />
                         <br />
                         <font>
                          4a. Project Status reporting
                          <font>
                           <br />
                           <br />
                           5. Gregory: how to people keep tabs on action items.
                           <br />
                           <br />
                           <b>
                            <font>
                             *. better meeting management (ex., timing, agenda)
                             <br />
                            </font>
                           </b>
                           <font>
                            <br />
                            <br />
                            <b>
                             <font>
                              - PMO Training&nbsp; (i.e., professional development)
                              <br />
                             </font>
                            </b>
                            <font>
                             <br />
                             *. 26th Pam Williams PbM
                             <br />
                             * PMO calendar - for away time
                             <br />
                             <b>
                              <font>
                               + File Manager training how-to (on the schedule now)
                               <br />
                              </font>
                             </b>
                             <font>
                              <br />
                              <font>
                               * paul is happy to come talk to us
                               <br />
                               <br />
                               ++ Tien can demo greenhopper, as &quot;intro to agile&quot;
                               <br />
                               ++ other agile training
                               <br />
                               <br />
                               <b>
                                <font>
                                 = TRAINING ON JIRA AND SF
                                 <br />
                                </font>
                               </b>
                               <font>
                                * Jira/SF/ .... Onepoint
                               </font>
                              </font>
                             </font>
                            </font>
                           </font>
                          </font>
                         </font>
                        </font>
                       </font>
                      </font>
                     </font>
                    </font>
                   </font>
                  </font>
                 </font>
                </font>
               </font>
              </font>
             </font>
            </font>
           </font>
          </font>
         </font>
        </font>
       </font>
      </font>
     </font>
    </font>
   </font>
  </font>
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 14
@@!! FOLLOWS 13
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR M-site meeting with Matt 11/21/2011  
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  s11/21/2011
  <br />
  <br />
  * It is revenue generating
  <br />
  * budgeted 8 hours per for project management
  <br />
  <br />
  Interested parties:
  <br />
  5 publishers or so
  <br />
  + Sage and OUP are tracking
  <br />
  + PNAS
  <br />
  + BMJ
  <br />
  <br />
  Sage wants a sponsorship business mode
  <br />
  <br />
  micro has no a/c, few pages, one main content page;&nbsp; up to three total
  <br />
  (you don't consume micro )
  <br />
  <br />
  mini (not much demand), can have content, more a/c, features like video (you consume content on a mini) pod cast, image categoreis
  <br />
  <br />
  Matt has an &quot;order form&quot; to get things as preset as possible
  <br />
  <br />
  Matt is not convinced we haven't spec'ed a PjM.
  <br />
  <br />
  BH: THis doesn't seem to fit
  <br />
  <br />
  1 publisher = 4 or 8 hours.
  <br />
  <br />
  ========================
  <br />
  <br />
  Each order form will be unique
  <br />
  MR wants a image gallery of site styles
  <br />
  Customers will fill out an initital order form (structured, detailed), and then the project manager will generate a custom order form that they send to the customer to fill out.
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  If they want custom, then it's macro...
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  ==========================
  <br />
  <br />
  FaiChi will be building these sites
  <br />
  <br />
  RL: These really are not PjM in PMO sense. These do not cross boundaries
  <br />
  <br />
  TM PjM manager
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 15
@@!! FOLLOWS 14
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR NEXT TALK WITH RON 
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  - Phac talk expectation
  <br />
  - Phac jbjsbr2
  <br />
  - Mahesh 'til ....
  <br />
  <br />
  - road map problem
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 16
@@!! FOLLOWS 15
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR Angie call 11/16/2011  
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  11/16/2011
  <br />
  <br />
  <b>
   <font>
    * 3 OUP books remain with us
   </font>
  </b>
  <font>
   <br />
   <br />
   * &quot;In the short term (through Jan 2012)
   <b>
    <font>
     I don't expect my overall OUP-Books
     <br />
     load to change significantly. Things might start to wind down in February,
    </font>
   </b>
   <font>
    <br />
    but it depends on (A) what they decide to do re: new books (and more or
    <br />
    not so much), and (B) whether they undertake another OTM update (happening
    <br />
    <b>
     <font>
      now
     </font>
    </b>
    <font>
     and not going well at all)&quot;
     <br />
     <br />
     - OTM update is a nightmare now, and if they do it again, it will be an update later.
     <br />
     Significant problems because our X logic doesn't work. Maybe fixed for next time.
     <br />
     <br />
     <br />
     - in danger of reactivating:
     <br />
     ASHA journal sites (4 + umbrella),
     <br />
     CTSNet sites (4 + umbrella),
     <font>
      <br />
      <b>
       <font>
        JWatch
       </font>
      </b>
      <font>
       &quot;reimplementation&quot;
       <font>
        (vs migration),
        <br />
        jandrol (probably leaving in late 2012 -- we might not need to migrate it at all).
        <br />
        <br />
        AdV: Otherwise, looked ok. Tien on GSW portal.&nbsp; eCarlylye for BH, fine. MeetAbs, too.
        <br />
        Greg OK for VJ
        <br />
        ACLS - ET?
        <br />
        <br />
        ===
        <br />
        <br />
        Adv: ASM - end of this month, end. Neoreivew, end in early Dec
        <br />
        OTM active
        <br />
        handbook active
        <br />
        versioning active
        <br />
        Med Portal
        <br />
        <br />
        <br />
        ESC text will remain with us. AdV doesn't think we should do this migration any time soon. In any case, we have to perfect H2O books with the &quot;native&quot; H2O books.
        <br />
        <br />
        ===
        <br />
        <br />
        ETB says: AACR Ed Book;&nbsp; DTD transition, first 2012 edition in May.
        <br />
        <font>
         Might mean that issue is in H10.
         <font>
          <br />
          <br />
          AAP wants to move neoreview to 7th.
          <br />
          VJ work for neoreviews, need MK to get help from Rachel for Eileen
          <br />
          <br />
          <b>
           <font>
            <br />
            ACTION: BH check w/MJ re: ET
           </font>
          </b>
         </font>
        </font>
       </font>
      </font>
     </font>
    </font>
   </font>
  </font>
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 17
@@!! FOLLOWS 16
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR Road Map big meeting 11/16/2011  
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  11/16/2011
  <br />
  <br />
  Charleston Thai
  <br />
  Erica, Matt, Louise, BH, TM, GregS, Viswa, KH, AB, Ed, BW, XPS, JS, CJ, MK
  <br />
  <br />
  demo (alpha, internal, often on stooges sites) =&gt; beta (pilot) =&gt;
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  pilot = &quot;ready to pilot, need to find customers &quot;
  <br />
  <br />
  cme, b&gt;p coming back in (???)
  <br />
  <br />
  blue=new, not committed
  <br />
  white = committed
  <br />
  yellow = change /concern
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  temis has given faichi their drupal code to start with
  <br />
  we'll use Temis SaaS until we have it up here (January?)
  <br />
  Requirements still with ProdMan
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  JAMS makeover is not scheduled
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  Q2 - Relationship Manager update, fully spec'ed; H2O related article support
  <br />
  MK: What PNAS makes us do requires lots of H1O work, wastes labor.
  <br />
  BW: and we end up with multiple types of relationsihps on the same article apge.
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  Atom Store 2.0 investigation and design. Replace the constellatino of services that comprise &quot;content services&quot; -- MarkLogic, SASSfs, SASS
  <br />
  <br />
  SOA Platform - replacing H1O dependencies
  <br />
  business domain objects - users, subscriptions, alerts -- non content entities. We can only interact with via legacy systems.
  <br />
  Need unified strategy for middle-tier business services.&nbsp; Entangled Java code and DTL is our H1O SOA.&nbsp;&nbsp; Tom Angelopoulos plan. Work with Charleston Thai.
  <br />
  GEts completely defined&nbsp; in Q1 and used after that
  <br />
  <br />
  CJ: &quot;Developer sits down in front of Eclipse, Pushes this button..... Charleston takes and releases it.&quot;
  <br />
  <br />
  TM: federated search for JBJS is just start... it's mostly academic content only, we can use PubMed.
  <br />
  Viswa: spec due for jbjs-br phase 2 this month. We might not be able to get to all of it in Q1.
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  CJ: Faichi ... we're taking the Drupal work Temis developed, and we're taking 5,000 articles, and firing up temis drupal road show. Then we need tiem to dress it up.
  <br />
  JS: The competition is going in and doing demos with our data. We have to be able to do that!
  <br />
  <br />
  MR: Mobile ad service - now the Ammo (?) ad service alrmost ready. For those who want to do their own, we'll point them at Google, etc. Thrid part would be further in the future.
  <br />
  <br />
  ============
  <br />
  <br />
  Q2
  <br />
  <br />
  CJ: &quot;Shopping cart&quot; should probably replace PPV
  <br />
  <br />
  ==
  <br />
  <br />
  CJ: Microtagging - we're really dependent upon the standards org / google to fess up
  <br />
  <br />
  ===
  <br />
  <br />
  TM:&nbsp; Directors want us to develop a standard drupal-based site that will be used for all new sites. (!)&nbsp; Templated sites.
  <br />
  AB: more from steering committee
  <br />
  CJ: Investigation and trial!&nbsp; it's nto a demo. We need to figure out how to do it, and do one.
  <br />
  TM: has asked by Helen Sz if we can launch standard sites for
  <b>
   <font>
    ECS
   </font>
  </b>
  <font>
   June in drupal.
   <br />
   <br />
   ==
   <br />
   JS: productize anything from JBJS-BR ph1 or ph2? Or aap Portal2015
   <br />
   <br />
   ==
   <br />
   JS: Linked open data. Keller clearly expects us sto have something cooking there. Phil Schurr is. He wants data interfaces, etc. Better be on Road Map.
   <br />
   CJ: MK stuff is loosely specified right now.
   <br />
   <br />
   ====
   <br />
   <br />
   CJ: this quarter, we publish smpte standards as pure h20 book
   <br />
   In Q1, we look at aptabooks, erm, etc., and see what it woudl take to publish those in common, non-interleaved workflow
   <br />
   <br />
   For Q2, we have two choices.&nbsp; Can either continue on content publisher path, and get pure h2O publishing [a lot of work and risk]
   <br />
   OR, we can look at runtime dependencies on H1O (legacy H1O sites, services) i.e., the services,&nbsp;&nbsp; Shut down H1o sites. Still need Content db. Start turning off the Solaris machines, and get rid of HW Maint.
   <br />
   400 items of dependence on H2O.&nbsp; By end of Q2, all maint functionalities will be in by end of Q2. Leverages SOA.&nbsp; Leverages what's needed for Drupal, etc. Existing h2O sites will be refitted as well. Improves stability, lets us shut down 1500 applications.
   <br />
   <br />
   ===========
   <br />
   <br />
   TM: need a sane way of adding new data types for data supplements. Publisher e-mail, etc.&nbsp; Jeff O sends mail, 5 or 6 peopel or do their one thing, then we redeploy site, THEN they can add their new data type.
   <br />
   <br />
   CJ: we need a whole need content management tool for this stuff. DSM is yuckie.
   <br />
   Needs interface to HWX.
   <br />
   Need product to support ex. foreign language abstracts loading into the content db, not as data supp's. This is much easier in H2O store, but the product needs to be built.
   <br />
   <br />
   =============
   <br />
   <br />
   LP: { on access control APIs for RUP, need them for mobile app???}
   <br />
   TR: I need to know about this for BMJ trip Dec 2.
   <br />
   <br />
   LP: CSHL wants a drupal standard site.
   <br />
   <br />
   LP: PNAS, CSHL both do lots of data supplements, we need to improve over next couple of quarters.
   <br />
   <br />
   ===
   <br />
   <br />
   KH: HWX emerging road map. Will include giving customer ability to delete articles, do some other substantial actions they can't go now.
   <br />
   <br />
   ==
   <br />
   <br />
   AAP 2015, JBJSBR&lt; ASCO, all want us to integrate content from other sources. OUP went to iFactory to do books and Journals. We need an offering.
   <br />
   <br />
   ==
   <br />
   <br />
   Q3: m-sites are ok now. Would like to build &quot;community&quot; features for m-sites.
   <br />
   Q1-Q#: mobile version of umbrella sites.&nbsp; Mobile-specific pages
   <br />
   ===========
   <br />
   <br />
   Qx: CJ as we shut down H1O, move from Sybase to Oracle, we can als osimplify how we do development and host sites. Modernize.
   <br />
   <br />
   KH: Image processing needs work, too.
   <br />
   <br />
   <br />
   TM: we should look into replacing FAST&gt;
   <br />
   CJ: Solr/Lucene coming in via several paths.
   <br />
   TM: Ex., like federated search.
   <br />
   <br />
   <br />
   CJ: Alerts 1.5 will need to go to Alerts 2.0, which needs a spec. We should
   <b>
    <font>
     partner with someone else.
    </font>
   </b>
   <font>
    <br />
    TM:
    <b>
     <font>
      I totally agree.
     </font>
    </b>
    <font>
     Direct marketing firms w/good tools.&nbsp;&nbsp; Use their tools,
     <br />
     <br />
     LP: File Manager, needs embargoing.
     <br />
     <br />
     ========
     <br />
     <br />
     TM: Rule of thumb is Road Map shouldn't be more than 60% of our staff's capability.
     <br />
     <br />
     MC: We need a POR, planning of CRs, deployments,&nbsp;&nbsp; Today, we don't have a Plan of Record.
     <br />
     <br />
     ========================
     <br />
     <br />
     AB: a manager will be assigned to each, and then the manager will get resources assign, and report shortages.
     <br />
     <br />
     ===============================
     <br />
     <br />
     Analytics WB (Pilot) Faichi.
     <br />
     <br />
     Semantics (partial demo / Faichi)
     <br />
     <br />
     eCommerce:&nbsp; PPV in minisites? BMJ has drupal sites and&nbsp; h2O
    </font>
   </font>
  </font>
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 18
@@!! FOLLOWS 17
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR staffing model for Q1 2012 11/15/2011 
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  11/15/2011
  <br />
  BH
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  <font>
   So I've put some more time in on staffing for the new year.&nbsp; I've been
   <br />
   relying on my new pal, Report 54
   <br />
   <br />
   <a href="https://www.quickbase.com/db/bgbjicgmb?a=q&amp;qid=17">
    https://www.quickbase.com/db/bgbjicgmb?a=q&amp;qid=17
   </a>
   <br />
   <br />
   The &quot;must assign&quot; section and the summary table, showing how booked
   <br />
   people are, is of most interest.
   <br />
   <br />
   I also did another scratch pad calcuation tab on
   <br />
   <br />
   <a href="https://docs.google.com/a/highwire.org/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AuaAH4UwHIYbdHM3S3owdFJQVUdQOWNuOGpudWkwV3c&amp;hl=en_US#gid=2">
    https://docs.google.com/a/highwire.org/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AuaAH4UwHIYbdHM3S3owdFJQVUdQOWNuOGpudWkwV3c&amp;hl=en_US#gid=2
   </a>
   <br />
   <br />
   see the &quot;est 2&quot; tab.&nbsp; The&nbsp; &quot;FREE&quot; row and the&nbsp; &quot;must assign&quot; row are the
   <br />
   most interesting bits here.&nbsp; (Your % reflects the present OUP book load.)
   <br />
   <br />
   Here's the latest developments, plus my thought experiment for this
   <br />
   evening, I'd like your input, including full reality check.
   <br />
   <br />
   1. Phac and Dom both think JBJS-BR part 2 is at least 50% of a person.
   <br />
   I've upped it to that, with minor reservations.&nbsp; Phac has indicated he
   <br />
   would be willing to continue to work for HW @ 50%, perhaps 2 days a
   <br />
   week, or something like that.&nbsp;&nbsp; Not clear if Ron can get the funds, but
   <br />
   he's willing to try. I think the continuity on this extremely complex
   <br />
   project is work a lot.
   <br />
   <br />
   2. Especially if Ron wants to keep Phac on part time, we'll be losing
   <br />
   another PjM contractor.
   <br />
   <br />
   3. I don't fully understand what the OUP books decision means for your
   <br />
   schedule, starting when. Do&nbsp; you? Let's discuss tomorrow on our call. In
   <br />
   my sketch this evening, I gave you the Ed Book (AACR), Red Book (AAP),
   <br />
   and SAP Book (ASH). Is that a fair exchange for OUP? Not sure about
   <br />
   &quot;phasing out&quot;&nbsp; for OUP, etc. [Did you faint?]
   <br />
   <br />
   For the rest of the troops, here's where I came out:
   <br />
   <br />
   JBJS-BR2: Phac
   <br />
   GSW Portal: Tien
   <br />
   eCarlyle: BH
   <br />
   Meeting abstract sites: BH
   <br />
   AACR VJs: Gregory
   <br />
   ACLS migration: Ellen, or catch as catch can.
   <br />
   AdV: (ASH Ed &amp; AAP Red &amp; ASH SAP) book
   <br />
   <br />
   <br />
   PNAS redesign is not staffed, b/c it hasn't been quoted yet. I did tell
   <br />
   Jean to include PjM $$$ if she wanted one.
   <br />
   <br />
   I'm a little concerned b/c CHOICE is going to run long, and BMJ might
   <br />
   (looking at the requested release schedule), so I might be overextended
   <br />
   in Jan/Feb, but it's hard to call for sure.
   <br />
   <br />
   Anyway, would you have a look, and lemme know if you think this adds up,
   <br />
   or not?
   <br />
   <br />
   Thank you as always, I hugely appreciate your insights on this stuff.
  </font>
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 19
@@!! FOLLOWS 18
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR join.me , really easy screen sharing site.  
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 20
@@!! FOLLOWS 19
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR problem session 11/15/2011  
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  11/15/2011
  <br />
  <br />
  PLT: content analysts don't send good notes. they create confusion.
  <br />
  AdV: transition is not done yet for jbjs. encoding...
  <br />
  PLT: emma is tense.... history....
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 21
@@!! FOLLOWS 20
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR PMO meeting 11/14/2011  
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  11/14/2011
  <br />
  <font>
   <br />
   <b>
    <font>
     1. **&gt; ANGIE: MIGRATION REVIEW
    </font>
   </b>
   <font>
    : 60 sec each.
    <b>
     <font>
      START TIMER
     </font>
    </b>
    <font>
     <br />
     <font>
      [REMINDER: DIFFERENCES
      <b>
       <font>
        ONLY FROM LAST TIM
       </font>
      </b>
      <font>
       E]
       <font>
        <br />
        <font>
         <br />
         <br />
         MB: ash cleanup. TOmorrow AJS...
         <br />
         Eli said I could have either citation view for articles w/o metadata, or can be indexed by google search,
         <br />
         <br />
         DS: Bloodjournal mobile website coming.
         <br />
         795 mobile web sites.&nbsp; OUP wants 270 more WiCKs.
         <br />
         Part of services used in mobile vouches and other services in H10 vs H20.
         <br />
         Mobile websites are dependent upon H20 only
         <br />
         Fulltext applicatoin is dependent upon RSS, which come from H10. Build TOC order H1O, ignores TOC manifest.&nbsp; RSS feeds for H2O, needs 2 weeks Mike Friedman. ALso not on roadmap.
         <br />
         <br />
         OPTIMIZED CONTENT shows up with poor styling&nbsp; on Mobile. . . . . . .&nbsp;&nbsp; So they're at the head of teh queue when we do the OM cleanup.
         <br />
         <br />
         TC:&nbsp; 1/16/2011 for smptes - Search team hasn't committed.&nbsp;&nbsp; Not an issue for Margo, I discussed it with her earlier.
         <br />
         12/15/2011 for smptec
         <br />
         <br />
         STKE - rel mgr update wednesday, then content laoding
         <br />
         Feedback monday, then tech response.
         <br />
         Tien out Wed-Fri
         <br />
         <br />
         <br />
         PLT: Ashasig - completed beta testing of 17 sites. QA, PbM, AdV
         <br />
         AdV: Footnotes... Xenia... Sandrine content massage...
         <br />
         On track for December 8
         <br />
         <br />
         JBJSBR - content supply problems.&nbsp; NLM XML transition problems, supplier is slow learner.&nbsp; Our reporting feedback to suppliers is not standard or consistent.
         <br />
         Nov issue is better
         <br />
         <br />
         BJ360 - content late december
         <br />
         <br />
         <br />
         ET: GSW: THURSDAY GSW launches. 49 sites =39 titles, portal, subportals. last QA team.&nbsp; I went through all of the feedback myself.&nbsp; Still on schedule.
         <br />
         GSW is umbrella for many different publishers.
         <br />
         LT and ET did webex for all member publishers, feedback was very very positive.
         <br />
         Geophysics - rich w/math.&nbsp; Mike M,
         <br />
         <br />
         <br />
         ATS: Still on schedule, 14th december.
         <br />
         <br />
         JAPO: retro proejct complect
         <br />
         <br />
         NLM XML: transition, still going on. down to the end. ...
         <br />
         <br />
         GC: BIR: on schedule
         <br />
         Clinchem: on schedule: cut to prod on THursday
         <br />
         GC:&nbsp; development and QA should review the feedback up
         <br />
         AdV: always a struggle to get through. GOod.
         <br />
         <br />
         =====
         <br />
         AdV: ASM feedback about the project... their concerns..
         <br />
         We missed some in our QA.&nbsp; Fixed things reverted. ...
         <br />
         Real value in debriefing
         <br />
         <br />
         BH: Will add to standardization
         <br />
         <br />
         ET:&nbsp; check in w/r/t the post-lasunch punchlist.... Use the 2 weeks
         <br />
         <br />
         ===
         <br />
         BH: Drupal
         <br />
         <br />
         ===
         <br />
         #3: GENERAL UPDATES AND
         <br />
         <br />
         <br />
         <br />
         3. updates on, Salesforce, Jira
         <br />
         <font>
          <br />
          3. REVISIT: STANDARDIZATION IN THE PMO re: project execution and management - an open discussion
          <br />
          ideas, model, where we need it, where we don't
          <br />
          - brainstorming, write on board, etc
          <br />
          - not areas that surround or support project execution (intake, staff-level status)
          <br />
          <br />
          - proj inception, team management, WBS/task lists, risk assessment; status reporting
          <br />
          - INSTITUTIONALIZED RETROSPECTIVE
          <br />
          <br />
          <font>
           <br />
           <font>
            ====================================================
            <font>
             <br />
             <br />
             <font>
              4a. Project Status reporting
              <font>
               <br />
               <br />
               5. Gregory: how to people keep tabs on action items.
               <br />
               <br />
               <b>
                <font>
                 *. better meeting management (ex., timing, agenda)
                 <br />
                </font>
               </b>
               <font>
                <br />
                <b>
                 <font>
                  - PMO Training&nbsp; (i.e., professional development)
                  <br />
                 </font>
                </b>
                <font>
                 <br />
                 <font>
                  * paul is happy to come talk to us
                  <br />
                  <br />
                  ++ Tien can demo greenhopper, as &quot;intro to agile&quot;
                  <br />
                  ++ other agile training
                  <br />
                  <br />
                  <b>
                   <font>
                    = TRAINING ON JIRA AND SF
                    <br />
                   </font>
                  </b>
                  <font>
                   * Jira/SF/ .... Onepoint
                  </font>
                 </font>
                </font>
               </font>
              </font>
             </font>
            </font>
           </font>
          </font>
         </font>
        </font>
       </font>
      </font>
     </font>
    </font>
   </font>
  </font>
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 22
@@!! FOLLOWS 21
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR BW, RL re: PLT 
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  11/9/2011
  <br />
  <br />
  RL: GS told me
  <br />
  1. he has no background (of course), and
  <br />
  2. he will do anything to make his project work - i.e., is not sensitive to context
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  bw: my reports he's a slave to schedule, rigid, even with teh customer, he cracks the whip.&nbsp; Too much rigidity.
  <br />
  <font>
   <br />
   <a href="https://docs.google.com/a/highwire.org/document/d/1dzGuk3t5w9O_Yi1H0kSHabtvxPprDnvkEWqTX1-IrmY/edit?hl=en_US">
    https://docs.google.com/a/highwire.org/document/d/1dzGuk3t5w9O_Yi1H0kSHabtvxPprDnvkEWqTX1-IrmY/edit?hl=en_US
   </a>
   <b>
    <font>
     <br />
     <br />
     <br />
     GIVE A FIRST CUT AT IT
    </font>
   </b>
  </font>
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 23
@@!! FOLLOWS 22
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR Warp (stke mobile; jbjsbr keyword editing) 11/10/2011 
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  <br />
  <br />
  TM: need mobile site that doesn't proxy from H1O, or we need an H2O shell site
  <br />
  A standalone mobile site is a roadmap for Q2
  <br />
  (article, FM pages, etc get proxied now)
  <br />
  <br />
  Q1, pull from a4d.
  <br />
  Q2 pilot (STKE not a good pilot)
  <br />
  <br />
  TC: Q1 delivery needed
  <br />
  <br />
  TM: ?? STKE isn't in H2O for Q1.&nbsp;&nbsp; Engineering didn't promise anything.
  <br />
  CC: Customer not driving?
  <br />
  BW: are.
  <br />
  <br />
  TM: You will not have an h2O site live in Q1.
  <br />
  Only thing that fits schedule is existing h2O site, that only uses their content. A private site to host content, and other required pages. Ron? Rachel?
  <br />
  RS: In theory that should work. But they do weird stuff.&nbsp; We could was a whooooole lot of time on a throwaway.
  <br />
  CJ: all the KE data ??? oh, not needed on Mobile.&nbsp;&nbsp; IF you leave the KE-extras out of it, and serve onlythe content, we can do that.
  <br />
  BW: John did not problem anything but the content.
  <br />
  <br />
  RS: Vanilla mobile, proxy H2O &quot;content&quot; site, cross fingers.
  <br />
  <br />
  TM: incorrect page number and dates, a flakey archive page - the things Matt/Dharm always sweat - will be an even bigger mess for STKE.
  <br />
  Once the content is loaded, we can just try this.
  <br />
  <br />
  TC to spec
  <br />
  <br />
  =======
  <br />
  <br />
  SMPTE SEARCH
  <br />
  <br />
  TM: nav can't be based on search. &quot;browse by&quot;. Spec exceeds what search can deliver.
  <br />
  Build a browse page purpose.
  <br />
  <br />
  Request was to use search to make a list of all articles of a particular type.
  <br />
  All standardas matching a particular criteria; then&nbsp; families; with individual standards; ....
  <br />
  <br />
  We could build a list for our list, like PAP page.
  <br />
  <br />
  TC: wanta to browse by 732.1 (if it's a family member) or 732. Wants to browse by the number range for that standard.&nbsp; Want to be able to browse &quot;0 to 50&quot;, etc.
  <br />
  <br />
  TM: So this result has two lists - the families, and the individual members.&nbsp; So we fire off multiple searches, and app's layer merges them.
  <br />
  <br />
  TC: Also, browse by topic, sent in metadata. Ex., &quot;camera&quot;.
  <br />
  <br />
  RS: or we cold build static pages
  <br />
  CJ: or we have a collection service, we coudl custom build particular indexes.
  <br />
  <br />
  CJ: I suggest we using existing collections (SMPTE standards are books;
  <br />
  top level collection f collections; atom store has top level collection of standards 9as book group). Needs blending.&nbsp; [explains combinatory logic]
  <br />
  Might want to create a service, which would be very cacheable, and never change until a new one was published
  <br />
  [families in one collection;&nbsp; standards in atom store] Algo based on standard name
  <br />
  <br />
  <br />
  TM: sounds like you build a browsing app, based on existing collections
  <br />
  <br />
  RS/MK: That's a couple of weeks of work
  <br />
  ===================
  <br />
  <br />
  JBJSBR related article feature
  <br />
  <br />
  1 Specialty modeled as subject collection
  <br />
  2 search keywords
  <br />
  <br />
  No plan for anything on back issues
  <br />
  <br />
  PLT: How do we test this? we've asked for test content. 5 or 6 issues.
  <br />
  We don't have tool to make sure it's working well.
  <br />
  Resupply is only way to change anything.
  <br />
  <br />
  TM: They might want to add keywords to back content.
  <br />
  PLT: only two 2 will appear
  <br />
  <br />
  TM: for pub to permit edits to keywords in the atom store, and then kick off search reindexing
  <br />
  <br />
  PLT: and we'd have to avoid keywords getting overwritten by resupplies.
  <br />
  Until we have first results in hand, we don't know how much we need this or not. By early january, not much time left.
  <br />
  MK: This is a separate project, which they have decide they want, and will pay for.
  <br />
  <br />
  TM: Search engine provides its own heuristics for ordering results. Even if you had tool, it could take 15 minute after a change to see what the result is.
  <br />
  <br />
  TM: Interface, creates patch, which we post into the atom store. It then kicks off reindexing. And then it would have to clear one or more caches.
  <br />
  <br />
  TM: Estimate a week of work to get 80% there. THen Margo time. 6-8 days. off the cuff.
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 24
@@!! FOLLOWS 23
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR h2O oversight meeting 11/9/2011  
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  11/9/2011
  <br />
  <br />
  <b>
   <font>
   </font>
  </b>
  <font>
   <br />
   ----------
   <br />
   1. Red Flags
   <br />
   <br />
   &nbsp;&nbsp; 1a. SEPM new site launch (gcssepmproc) may not be
   <br />
   &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; moving forward on schedule.
   <br />
   <br />
   <b>
    <font>
     RED FLAGS
     <br />
     <font>
      GSSEPM
     </font>
    </font>
   </b>
   <font>
    Book Site Launch (declined in Sept or earlier)
    <br />
    <a href="https://www.quickbase.com/db/bgbjicgmb?a=dr&amp;r=du&amp;rl=bn89">
     https://www.quickbase.com/db/bgbjicgmb?a=dr&amp;r=du&amp;rl=bn89
    </a>
    <br />
    Just not moving along.
    <br />
    <br />
    &nbsp;&nbsp; 1b. ASHA newsletters migration, QA is not yet
    <br />
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; complete, content loading should begin on
    <br />
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Monday to remain on schedule.
    <br />
    <br />
    <b>
     <font>
      Asha
     </font>
    </b>
    <font>
     newsletters: Schedule has us content loading in prod on Monday. QA is not on schedule.&nbsp; AdV riding close.
     <br />
     AdV - the &quot;intense&quot; QA is not happening.
     <br />
     Phac and Rama... said there woudl be QA people availalbe, but Phac never notified them that they were available. Miscommunication.&nbsp; Then Rama had no agent available on time.
     <br />
     MK: Caught up with Greg B, he woudl make time this week to do QA. And he'll compare with existing sties. And focus on the formatting of references, their big hot itme for 17 and 18.
     <br />
     <br />
     Musikaar (3-4 sites) and our internal QA (6) are doing different sites - note ideal.
     <br />
     <br />
     AdV: they don't look too bad. Not showstoppers.
     <br />
     XPS: nothing too scary thusfar.
     <br />
     =================
     <br />
     <br />
     <b>
      <font>
       GSW - next week
      </font>
     </b>
     <font>
      <br />
      - one site had content problems
      <br />
      mk: none of the site work left was a red flag. LT demoed on monday.
      <br />
      sc working on H1O restyling umbrella (except home page)
      <br />
      xps: content complete, except for gsgpy. With triage. Orange flag for gsgpy, content is sizeable, lets of HWX processing time.&nbsp; Very mathy.
      <br />
      BW: If they give us lots of gif's, then it falls into image processing.&nbsp;&nbsp; MathJax fixes this, if they can play it.
      <br />
      XPS: Is having their societies coming in after launch, before Dec 1, to provide additional feedback.
      <br />
      <br />
      ========
      <br />
      <br />
      SMPTE -
      <br />
      TC - hasn't been re-estimated?
      <br />
      MK: don't have JBJS,
      <br />
      MK: We also need MAF GSW portal for march.
      <br />
      BH: and CHOICE!
      <br />
      <br />
      ==================
      <br />
      <br />
      2. ASM post-mortem
      <br />
      Customer complained ree:
      <br />
      - need to do a lot of QA of their own. Things would be fixed, then busted again.
      <br />
      - didn't follow mockups to the letter
      <br />
      - cross browser testing missed
      <br />
      <br />
      <br />
      <br />
      &nbsp;&nbsp; 2a. Why we had one; what was discussed; whether it
      <br />
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; was helpful; resulting action items.
      <br />
      <br />
      &nbsp;&nbsp; 2b. Xenia suggests adding this step as a standard
      <br />
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; line item on QuickBase schedule template.
      <br />
      <br />
      &nbsp;&nbsp; 2c. PaulB suggests having it happen after the
      <br />
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ~2-week post-launch period.
      <br />
      <br />
      ----------
      <br />
      3. Review of RFP / new customer / new site launch
      <br />
      &nbsp;&nbsp; process
      <br />
      <br />
      &nbsp;&nbsp; 3a. Who approves launch dates now? Will that
      <br />
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; change?
      <br />
      <br />
      &nbsp;&nbsp; 3b. When and how does resource allocation happen
      <br />
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; now? Will that change?
     </font>
    </font>
   </font>
  </font>
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
@@!! NEW_RECORD =====================================
@@!! ID 25
@@!! FOLLOWS 24
@@!! PARENTS 4,0
@@!! SELECTOR PMO meeting 11/7/2011  
@@!! NOTE follows
<table>
<tr>
 <td>
  11/7/2011
  <br />
  <br />
  <font>
   <br />
   <br />
   <b>
    <font>
     1. **&gt; ANGIE: MIGRATION REVIEW
    </font>
   </b>
   <font>
    : 60 sec each.
    <b>
     <font>
      START TIMER
     </font>
    </b>
    <font>
     <br />
     <font>
      [REMINDER: DIFFERENCES
      <b>
       <font>
        ONLY FROM LAST TIM
       </font>
      </b>
      <font>
       E]
       <font>
        <br />
        <br />
        MB: ash ed book;&nbsp; Had to scramble to update file manager pages on another site; H1O JD was not up-to-date; Hemat Library.org.... graphical integration w/society site....
        <br />
        I interacted w/publisher, but she didn't include web developer on anything - until Right before migration.
        <br />
        <br />
        AdV: Polly was the original PbM, and we were told &quot;nothing special needed for the umbrella site&quot;.&nbsp; Add'l risk when a PbM staffing changes midway through.
        <br />
        <br />
        <br />
        DS: There is a start difference between mobile...
        <br />
        DS: Fulltext app... OUP HighWIre won the OUP RFP. Their first app, 6 journal before Dec 31. ESC.&nbsp;&nbsp; We'll make the date.
        <br />
        <br />
        <br />
        TC: Tien I put my foot down, re: elephant in room re: content provider 15-18 days.&nbsp; But we're 9 days from drop-dead deadline. Now suggesting that they go to early or mid January .
        <br />
        Also, conferences ends up in January, b/c&nbsp; standards goes first.
        <br />
        <br />
        STKE:TC: relationship manager done, needs teseting. Content loading coudl start quick. Spec completed by Polly. Need to have engineering review the Spec..
        <br />
        They want a date for full tech review of spec. They don't want to kill themselves and try to get it done now.
        <br />
        <br />
        PLT: ASHA - we loaded all samples, for 17sites. QA started last week. Rama... 3 sites reviewed, asked for more reviewed.&nbsp; Feedback encouraging.&nbsp; Meeting tomorrow re: buglist.. ASAH finally did their DNS changes
        <br />
        <br />
        AdV: Concerned that the limited # of bugs is an indication of how little QA Rama's been able to review the site.
        <b>
         <font>
          It's a red flag to me.
          <font>
          </font>
         </font>
        </b>
        <font>
         I'll review Musikaar site.
         <br />
         <br />
         PLT: JBJS site went beta today.
         <br />
         <a href="http://beta.jbjs.org.uk/">
          http://beta.jbjs.org.uk/
         </a>
         <br />
         <br />
         <br />
         Gregory:
         <br />
         Clinchem: on schedule, 70+ bugs.&nbsp;&nbsp; Good shape.
         <br />
         BIR: content delayed a little. 25 bugs. contente load at end of weeks.
         <br />
         <br />
         Angie:
         <br />
         RL: ASM called out cross-browser problems.
         <br />
         <br />
         <font>
          <br />
          3. TC on process mapping, Salesforce, Jira
          <br />
          <br />
          TC:&nbsp; pretty well done with mapping our existing workflows.
          <br />
          Did a flowchart, and RL and I took it to Tom. Incoming project process was most broken thing.&nbsp; Estimates come after we've committed to the project.
          <br />
          Meeting with RL and Viswa and Mark C to talk about alternate vision
          <br />
          <br />
          Today meeting, found workflow issues that precede any attempt to set up Jira.&nbsp; We'll start first w/Single developer tasks (75% of our tasks).&nbsp;&nbsp; Directors meet about this on Monday.&nbsp; They'll look at who should be driving this, now that the issue has been surfaced.
          <br />
          <br />
          1. need to find owner
          <br />
          2. prioritize business processes that need to be fixed
          <br />
          3. starting to fix things in an iterative fashion.
          <br />
          4. Focus on high value.
          <br />
          TC will continue to work for jira.
          <br />
          <br />
          RL: We'll work from 75% up to the RFP level...
          <br />
          RL: MK and XPS recommendation is to make the technical owner the person who has the most work. So if Rachel has 80% of the work, but needs 20% from CJ, she has to get the work out of JD.
          <br />
          <br />
          Jiawei out to China with husband through end of year; Paul B needs to be on machine at home 8 hours a dya for his knee.
          <br />
          <br />
          <br />
          &quot;Shoot ready aim&quot;
          <br />
          <br />
          <br />
          <br />
          <font>
           <br />
           3. REVISIT: STANDARDIZATION IN THE PMO re: project execution and management - an open discussion
           <br />
           ideas, model, where we need it, where we don't
           <br />
           - brainstorming, write on board, etc
           <br />
           - not areas that surround or support project execution (intake, staff-level status)
           <br />
           - proj inception, team management, WBS/task lists, risk assessment; status reporting
           <br />
           <br />
           <font>
            <br />
            <font>
             ====================================================
             <font>
              <br />
              <br />
              <font>
               4a. Project Status reporting
               <font>
                <br />
                <br />
                5. Gregory: how to people keep tabs on action items.
                <br />
                <br />
                <b>
                 <font>
                  *. better meeting management (ex., timing, agenda)
                  <br />
                 </font>
                </b>
                <font>
                 <br />
                 <br />
                 <b>
                  <font>
                   - PMO Training&nbsp; (i.e., professional development)
                   <br />
                  </font>
                 </b>
                 <font>
                  <br />
                  *. 26th Pam Williams PbM
                  <br />
                  * PMO calendar - for away time
                  <br />
                  <b>
                   <font>
                    + File Manager training how-to (on the schedule now)
                    <br />
                   </font>
                  </b>
                  <font>
                   <br />
                   <font>
                    * paul is happy to come talk to us
                    <br />
                    <br />
                    ++ Tien can demo greenhopper, as &quot;intro to agile&quot;
                    <br />
                    ++ other agile training
                    <br />
                    <br />
                    <b>
                     <font>
                      = TRAINING ON JIRA AND SF
                      <br />
                     </font>
                    </b>
                    <font>
                     * Jira/SF/ .... Onepoint
                    </font>
                   </font>
                  </font>
                 </font>
                </font>
               </font>
              </font>
             </font>
            </font>
           </font>
          </font>
         </font>
        </font>
       </font>
      </font>
     </font>
    </font>
   </font>
  </font>
 </td>
</tr>
</table>
